---
title: Welcome to two new lab members!
---

We would like to introduce our two newest lab members Yilian Wang and Erik Dechant. As a PhD student, Yilian will be working on the circadian regulation of interorgan cross-talk, while Erik will be working with one of our Postdocs Margaux. We are very much looking forward starting our experiments with these two young and bright minds. Welcome to the lab!



Yilian Wang | PhD student
Yilian obtained her Master's degree at the Fujian University of Traditional Chinese Medicine. During this time, she learned about myocardial infarction-induced cardiomyocyte pyroptosis and hypertensive neuroinflammation. In the Dierickx's lab, she will focus on the cardiac circadian clock and the interaction between peripheral organs. Outside the lab, she loves reading books,  playing badminton, hiking, and traveling to different places.




Erik Dechant | Bachelor Internship Student

Erik is a Bachelor student at the Technical University of Bingen and will be doing an internship in our lab while working on his Bachelor´s degree.
In the Dierickx laboratory, he will be working closely together with Margaux in her research on the circadian clock of cardiac cells to understand how the clock contributes to heart function using in vitro microscopy-based models.
As a working student Erik works at Abbott GmBH and enjoys spending his free time in nature whenever the weather permits. His hobbies include calisthenics, swimming, traveling and when time allows, painting.



